Update block toolbar and settings sidebar image (#57203)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/getting-started/fundamentals/block-in-the-editor.md

To simplify block customization and ensure a consistent experience for users, there are a number of built-in UI patterns to help generate the editor preview. 

> ![Diagram showing a Block Tookbar and a Settings Sidebar when a block is selected](https://developer.wordpress.org/files/2023/12/block-toolbar-settings-sidebar.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Diagram showing the Block Toolbar and the Settings Sidebar when a Paragraph block is selected](https://developer.wordpress.org/files/2023/12/block-toolbar-settings-sidebar.png)
```
